Add Elastic Agent unenrollment issue (#727)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/release-notes/release-notes-7.13.asciidoc

*Impact* +
If the role and user were set up in a previous release, remove them now to avoid
them being orphaned in the cluster. {kib-pull}98745[#98745]
====

[[known-issue-25773]]
.{agent}s unenrolling from a self-managed {fleet-server} hang at "Updating" and API keys are not invalidated
[%collapsible]
====

*Details* 

In {kib}, when you unenroll an {agent} from a self-managed {fleet-server},
the status may hang at "Updating". This problem only occurs with {agent}s

> enrolled with a service token.

Reviewer: This problem only occurs with Elastic Agents connecting to a `fleet-server` started with a service token.

Author: Fixed. I dropped some detail there. :-)

> the status may hang at "Updating". This problem only occurs with {agent}s
> enrolled with a service token.

Author: ```suggestion
the status may hang at "Updating". This problem only occurs with {agent}s
connecting to a {fleet-server} started with a service token.
```
